updated readme file with docker commands and made some edits (#23)
JRaviLab/molevolvr2.0: README.md

# MolEvolvR Stack

This repo contains the implementation of the MolEvolvR stack, consisting of:
- `frontend`: the frontend web app, written in React
- `backend`: a backend written in [Plumber](https://www.rplumber.io/index.html)
- `cluster`: the containerized SLURM "cluster" on which jobs are run
- `services`: a collection of services on which the stack relies:
    - `postgres`: configuration for a PostgreSQL database, which stores job information

> Most of the data processing is accomplished via the `MolEvolvR` package, available at https://github.com/JRaviLab/molevolvr. The stack provides a user-friendly interface for accepting and monitoring job progress, and orchestrates running the jobs on SLURM. The jobs themselves call methods of the package at each stage of processing.

Reviewer: I like how you rewrote the text, thanks.

Regarding the newlines, I've been talking to my colleagues and I think we're going to start formatting markdown as one sentence per line, to make it easier to read the diffs. If you'd like to rewrite your PR so that there's a newline after each sentence I'd appreciate it; if not, I can add them.

## Prerequisites

To run the stack, you'll need to [install Docker and Docker Compose](https://www.docker.com/).

## Setup

> 1. Fork and Clone this repository:
>    git clone <https://github.com/JRaviLab/molevolvr2.0.git> then run this command
> 
>       `cd <your-repository-directory>`
>    to move into your cloned directory

Reviewer: I don't see where forking comes up in your directions since you clone the original repo, and I don't think I want to recommend that people fork the repo anyway unless they intend to contribute.

Also, I think the cloning and cd'ing could be more explicit, e.g.:

```suggestion
1. Clone this repository:
  `git clone https://github.com/JRaviLab/molevolvr2.0.git`
  Then run `cd molevolvr2.0` to move into the project directory.
```

Author: Alright, thanks for your comments @vincerubinetti and @falquaddoom, i will apply them and push an updated version

2. Copy  `.env.TEMPLATE` to `.env` and fill in the necessary values. You
should supply a random password for the `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` variable. Of note
is the `DEFAULT_ENV` variable, which gives `run_stack.sh` a default environment
in which to operate; in development, this should be set to `dev`.

## Note

> Ensure your Create a new `.env`  file in the root directly and ensure it is properly configured before running the stack using the steps above.

Reviewer: This is mentioned in the "Setup" section above; I don't see a need to repeat it here.

```

This will start the stack in production mode.

> ## Docker Commands

Reviewer 2: I think this section is not warranted. This is general docker knowledge that would be better deferred to official docker docs. Moreover, the `run_stack` script aims to abstract a lot of this away so the developer doesn't have to worry about it. If someone were to need these lower level commands, it's fair and necessary to assume some background knowledge by the user.

Here are some useful Docker commands for managing the stack:

1. Build Docker images:

   ```bash
   docker-compose build
   ```

2. Start services:
  
   ```bash
   docker-compose up
   ```

   For detached mode:

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ``` 

3. Stop services:

   ```bash
   docker-compose down
   ```

4. Rebuild a specific service (e.g., backend):

   ```bash
   docker-compose build backend
   ```

5. Restart a specific service:

   ```bash
   docker-compose restart backend
   ```

6. View service status:

   ```bash
   docker-compose ps
   ```

7. View logs:
   - All services: `docker-compose logs`    
   - Specific service: `docker-compose logs backend`

> Remember to run these commands from the directory containing your `docker-compose.yml` file.

Reviewer: The stack uses a helper script, `run_stack.sh`, to select the correct `docker-compose.*.yml` files for a given environment; we're not using `docker compose` commands directly in this project for that reason.

I'd also rather not clutter the README with general information about Docker and Compose.
